## getFileLineCounts
A command shell script for retrieving number of lines in a file

## Motivation
I needed to check a current folder of files every day to QA that certain jobs were being run and were not running with errors. 95% of the time everything ran correctly, so looking at every single file every day was largely a waste of time. To alleviate this, I wrote a script to automate the process. I knew what counts to expect, so if I saw a spike on a particular file I could investigate. Otherwise, if everything looked normal, only a couple seconds were spent on the QA everyday.

## Tech/framework used
* Windows Command Shell Script (.cmd)

## Features
* Does not need to be modified from day-to-day since directory name is auto-generated by the date
* Folder path can be hard-coded to allow the script to reside anywhere on host machine
* Trimmed zeroes for Julian Dates for years ending in '0' are handled

## Tests
The .zip includes test files, simply rename the Julian Date folder as the current julian date (4 digits). Double-click the script to run!

## How to use?
1. Copy and paste the script to a text file and rename as ".cmd", or download .zip and extract where desired.
2. Right click the script and select "Edit".
3. Update the path variable to desired folder path. This should be a directory of directories named as Julian Dates.
4. Save and close the script.
5. Double-click the script to run it

## Credits
Aacini for the how-to on [Julian Dates](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34776194/batch-script-that-converts-date-to-julian-date]) in cmd shell script.  
